v7, 5/19/2008

General changes:

* Works with LW 5.1.  May not work any more with 5.0, haven't tried it.
* Make Escape work like it should.  As a necessary side effect, the use of
  Escape for "Meta" changes to Ctrl-Escape, and the change is global to
  the running image, whether a buffer is in a Vim mode or not.  Ctrl-[ still
  works, though.
* Put all code in the :vim package instead of the :editor package.  Did a
  brute-force wrapper of most of the editor functions I use.  Partly this
  was to prepare for wrapping these commands for use of Kenny Tilton's
  Cells library.
* You can now `.` after an insert or append.
* Counts on `.` work better now, maybe even correctly.
* New macro: def-start-insert, used for `i`, `I`, `a`, and anything else that
  starts an insert.

Mappings changed:

* Function formerly bound to `p` now bound to `P`, since it puts the cut
  text in front of the current line.
* `J` now joins with the *next* line instead of the *previous* line.

Mappings added:

* `Esc` in insert mode
* `|` -- move to column
* `P` -- Put cut text above the current line
* `C-y`/`C-e`
* `n`/`N` -- repeat most recent search, forward / backwards
* `,l` -- evaluate code in Listener

Not much to show for 2.5 months work, but on the other hand most of it was
actually in the last few weeks.  :)

v6, 02/27/2008

* Made `e` and `ge` "inclusive"
* Separated `W` and `E` -- they used to map to the same command; now they
  don't.
* Renamed things like `Vim Forward WORD CAPS` to `Vim Forward BIGWORD`.
* Added with-move macro; reimplemented many movement commands using it.

Mappings changed

* `W`/`E`

Mappings Added

* `E`/`gE`
* `a`/`A`
* `c{motion}`
* `f`/`F`/`t`/`T`/`;`/`,`
* `gf`

v5, 12/29/2007

* Forward and backward by vi-word and vi-WORD commands now work correctly.
  These are commands w, W, b, B, e, ge.  Hmm, looks like I missed E and gE.
* Printing key bindings is commented out.

Mappings changed:

* `W`/`B`/`e`

Mapping added:

* `ge`

v4, 12/14/2007

* Add this changelog
* Add check for quoted list in bind-vim
* Reorganized/changed some bindings
* Added most movement bindings to Operator Pending mode, to make
  movement-pending commands work better.
* Added commands and bindings for `zt`/`zz`/`zb` and `z<cr>`/`z.`/`z-`.  The latter set
  work just like the former set, i.e. they do not leave the cursor on the
  first non-blank in the line.
* Added commands and bindings for easy repeat counts; `12j` now works, you don't
  have to say `c-u 12 j`.
* Changed `:e!` to map to "Vim Revert Buffer", which resets the undo history
  after it reads the file from disk, but it's still a bit wonky.
* Kind of in the middle of adding an in-vim-command macro that takes care of
  boilerplate start-vim-command / stop-vim-command stuff, so that when I add
  new stuff that needs to happen at the start & end of a command, I only have
  to change code in one place.
* Added a setup-indent to def-vim-var-definer.
* Added a new kind of vim-var, window vars; define via def-vim-window-var.  I
  suggest a `w-` prefix on all window vars, just like the `b-` prefix on all
  buffer vars.
* Added several hook variables, but don't actually use them yet.

Commands / mappings added:

* `-` (minus) to go up a line
* `zt`/`zz`/`zb`, `z<cr>`/`z.`/`z-` (see note above)
* repeat counts
* `r<char>`
* `gg`
* `dd`

Commands and mappings changed or fixed:

* `d{movement}`
